README.md, before:

# SSO UI, SCELE, EMAS2, and SIAK-NG AutoLogin

## Description
This is a simple JavaSript to automate login to SSO UI, SCELE, EMAS2, and SIAK-NG. This script is intended to be used with [Tampermonkey](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/tampermonkey/dhdgffkkebhmkfjojejmpbldmpobfkfo).

## How to Use
1. Install Tampermonkey extension on your browser.  
[Chromium (Chrome, Edge)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tampermonkey/dhdgffkkebhmkfjojejmpbldmpobfkfo) | [Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/tampermonkey/) | [Safari](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/tampermonkey/id1482490089) | [Opera](https://addons.opera.com/en/extensions/details/tampermonkey-beta/)

2. Install via Greasy Fork:  
https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/496434-sso-ui-emas2-scele-and-siak-ng-autologin  
(or you might as well copy the script from `AutoLogin.js` and paste it to Tampermonkey new script)

4. Change the `___username___` and `___password___` variable to your own username and password.

5. Save the script.

Commit message:

Update README.md to add prerequisites and clarify usage instructions

README.md, after:

# SSO UI, SCELE, EMAS2, and SIAK-NG AutoLogin

## Description
This is a simple JavaSript to automate login to SSO UI, SCELE, EMAS2, and SIAK-NG. This script is intended to be used with [Tampermonkey](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/tampermonkey/dhdgffkkebhmkfjojejmpbldmpobfkfo).

## Prerequisites

**You may need to enable "Developer Mode"** in the extension menu of your browser to use this script.

## How to Use
1. Install Tampermonkey extension on your browser.  
[Chromium (Chrome, Edge, Arc)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tampermonkey/dhdgffkkebhmkfjojejmpbldmpobfkfo) | [Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/tampermonkey/) | [Safari](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/tampermonkey/id1482490089) | [Opera](https://addons.opera.com/en/extensions/details/tampermonkey-beta/)

2. Open the extension menu and create a new script (Tampermonkey icon > Create a new script).

3. Copy the script from `AutoLogin.js` and paste it to the script editor.

4. Change the `___username___` and `___password___` text string to your own username and password.

5. Save the script.
